<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE learningOverview PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Learning Overview//EN" "learningOverview.dtd">
<learningOverview id="overview">
 <title>Learning Overview topic</title>
 <shortdesc>Working outline for learning overview topic design</shortdesc>
 <learningOverviewbody>
  <lcIntro>
   <title>Introduction</title>
   <p>If you need an introduction, you would include it here.</p>
   <note>You can have notes, tables, all kinds of things like that here, if you desire.</note>
   <lcInstructornote>You can provide tips for instructors in an instructor note, like this
    one.</lcInstructornote>
  </lcIntro>
  <lcAudience>
   <title>Audience</title>
   <p>Target audience for this lesson includes anyone with a pulse and interest in the topic. </p>
  </lcAudience>
  <lcDuration>
   <title>Duration</title>
   <lcTime value="00:07:00">7 minutes</lcTime>
  </lcDuration>
  <lcPrereqs>
   <title>Prerequisites</title>
   <p>You have no need to know anything prior to taking this lesson. It informs all.</p>
  </lcPrereqs>
  <lcObjectives>
   <title>Objectives</title>
   <lcObjectivesStem>When you complete this lesson, you'll know how to do the
    following:</lcObjectivesStem>
   <lcObjectivesGroup>
    <lcObjective>Creating a good learning overview topic.</lcObjective>
    <lcObjective>Identifying clear learning objectives.</lcObjective>
    <lcObjective>Adding good test items to assess knowledge gained.</lcObjective>
   </lcObjectivesGroup>
  </lcObjectives>
  <lcResources>
   <title>Resources</title>
   <p>Use this to list the resources available about this topic.</p>
   <ul>
    <li>A good book.</li>
    <li>A wiki page.</li>
    <li>A good article or presentation.</li>
    <li>A relevant information center URL.</li>
   </ul>
  </lcResources>
  <section>
   <title>Additional sections</title>
   <p>You can add additional sections to cover any other content you'd like to include in a learning
    Overview.</p>
  </section>
 </learningOverviewbody>
</learningOverview>
